and Miller on a crazed cat terrorizing
an Oregon family what do you hear this
we hope you stay tuned for those reports
and Miller on global warming and a crazy
cat that prompted a 911 call we don't
know to do about the cat he's gone so
you're trying to attack us is very very
very very hostile two words baseball bat
Miller is next back of the book segment
tonight Miller time so let's get right
to the siege of Southern California
joins us Santa Barbara California so
Miller the other night I'm sure you were
watching on c-span some Democrats took
to the Senate floor to talk all night
about global warming the vast majority
of the American people understand
climate change is real there's no doubt
about it over ninety eight percent of
all working climate scientists believe
that human activities have led to
climate change if you went to a hundred
doctors and 98 of them said you were
sick and should take medicine but to
told you you were fine and should do
nothing what would you do we are on the
cusp of a climate crisis a point of no
return Wow Miller and you live near the
ocean too well Billy anytime anybody
burns the midnight oil to make a point
about too much energy use kind of eats
into the efficacy of the argument for me
those four people were idiots our
leaders are idiots I admire the other
three for risking waking up to see what
Barbara Boxer looks like in the morning
but simply hurt her Secret Service name
is polar vortex all right she's an idiot
she's bat guano crazy she sleeps upside
down if she thinks there's global
warming that's enough of a reason for me
to not think there's global warming
because she and the other three massive
idiots we should be ashamed of ourselves
for the leaders we pick in this world
you know it's interesting because the
same week they did that a poll came out
and say global warming is not a concern
of most of it as they overplayed it
Billy they overplay listen you can go
back and watch Gore's movie you want
Oscar for it's called inconvenient truth
it's about global warming he mentions is
it incessantly that didn't pan out over
the last 15 years so they changed it to
climate change a lot of people said all
come on but they're just some legit
questions out here and they always
disparage you right away that you're
stupid or you're an idiot or you're
naive but I'm asking you if it's getting
warmer I can understand more smote
snowfall I guess that you know I can get
the concept of moisture in the air and
more snowfall but I'm telling you if the
point of this global warming thing is
it's gonna freeze us to to death I just
have to claim stupid I guess I'm stupid
but I hate when they immediately won't
answer you i think half the people if I
said the barbara boxer why is it getting
colder if it's getting hotter I think
she'd fake an answer but I honest to god
think that's a legit question I know not
as smart as Barbara bomb but you know
the bottom calling me a fool you know
the bottom line the more the government
can control the economy the better it is
for the left that's what they want and
one day they got to tear into these
creepy people really gonna be tearing
them a new one we do what we can no I
mean full-bore in man this is craziness
this stuff at first he's got to tear
them a new one first I have to take care
of a situation in Oregon Miller which is
avid media concern what's that cat
terrorizing a family roll it we don't
know what to do about the cat he's gone
so you're trying to attack us he's very
very very very hostile I tried you know
all the animal control yeah yeah and if
I want to leave out the bedroom and let
the police and I'm going to have to
fight this cat 28 2 pounds whoa 22
pounds that's auntie to PI big cat have
you ever been attacked or Menace
mannequin um I've been in a cat suit
holding a family at bay in their bedroom
but no I've never been minus back at
myself well they're gonna send the cat
the therapy now the cat's gonna be all
screwed up because his whole life he's
been told stay off the couch now the
shrink wants them to get on the couch
this guy is a freaking moron to I can't
believe he's not one of my leaders know
he's going to keep the cat he's got a
seven-year-old kid who the cat is raped
already in this idiots gonna keep the
cat the cat Don you freakin moron are
you kidding me i can't believe he has a
girlfriend maybe you're hiding behind a
door with your wife and she thinks God's
sakes are gonna stay with this jerk cuz
i took some wedding vows but if i'm a
girlfriend and i'm hiding behind of a
door of a bedroom cuz there's a killer
cat outside I'm no longer the girlfriend
I'm gonna get out I'm gonna move to
Washington DC and I'm gonna marry a big
idiot like chuck schumer i get i think
that pertain to the cat the cat's name
is lux as you said the guys keeping the
cat and i got to tell you if a cat
menace me I get my my Louisville Slugger
and the cat would be a ground rule
double you know I'm talking about Miller
I mean not something you hear I i would
put that cat down just for eyeballing me
like that in that picture you want to
call me are you are holding me you're
looking at me are your cats are obese
that's a lot of shape this country is
for God's legs even our cats are obese
save a little for Pittsburgh tomorrow
night Miller all right we're gonna be
looking crime for own ingenuity five
minutes on this cat thing it's all cat
all the time Miller and I are gonna be
at the Consol Energy Arena a few tickets
remain check it out on bill oreilly com
tomorrow night factor tippy today making
a fool out of yourself in public I do it
every day the chip moments away
you